1. Description of the project
    We will be making Cow Clicker 2, the ultimate cow clicking experience. 
    Inspired by timothyrjames’s Cow Clicker project on the cs1520 GitHub 
    repository, Cow Clicker 2 will feature multiple varieties of cow to 
    click with the aim of getting infinite points.

2. You team's vision for your MVP
        There will be multiple different kinds of cows to own, each yielding 
    a different number of points when clicked
        # Original Cow, Roan Cow, Chocolate Cow, Strawberry Cow, …

        # You start with Original Cow (also known as Cow) and can buy higher 
        tier cows for points

    Cows all live inside a Cow Pasture in the middle of the screen
        # Cows will move in and out of frame inside the cow pasture

            # Not every cow you own will be visible all the time
            
    The game is won when you buy The Progenitor Cow, a golden cow that awards 
    Infinity points when clicked


3. Plans for M1
    # Set up the Cow Pasture so cows can roam around inside it

    # Create the Cow Shop

    # Add the click functionality to cows

    # Do a bunch of CSS to make it all look pretty (Cow Pasture will be fenced 
    in, shops may be on other pages)

    #   Hi team,

        I think your idea is great, but make sure that you keep it text-based 
    for Milestone 1. You will have plenty of work to do, especially because this 
    needs to be a persistent app, where I can log in from any computer and see 
    my cows and retain my shop purchases. This means your Datastore will have 
    to be connected by Milestone 1. Most of the features described as Milestone 
    2 feel like they belong in the End of Semester category. Make sure that the 
    basic loop of clicking on a cow and updating points in the database works
    before adding extra art and game features.

    Overall:
    Reduce the scope a little bit and make sure that you are integrating with the backend early. I will accept a text-only version of this project, so don't invest too much time in art early on.

    Looking forward to seeing your first presentation!
    Jake


4. Plans for M2
    # Add support for enemy invasions

        # Has a rare chance of happening every minute

        # A rivaling farm will send its cows to attack your pasture and drain 
        its points, click the cows to destroy them

        # Winning an invasion (destroying all the invading cows) will reward you 
        with Hostage Cow and return your stolen points

        # Losing an invasion (some cows successfully escape) will not reward you anything


5. Plans for end of term
    # Add mortality to each cow

    # Each cow will have a health bar that slowly drains over time

    # If health hits 0, the cow dies

    # You will have the option to butcher your cow before it dies and sell the meat for points (some percentage of the cost to purchase that cow from the shop).
